Add typescript quickstart pages (#2536)
smithy-lang/smithy: docs/source-2.0/languages/typescript/quickstart.rst

=====================
TypeScript Quickstart
=====================

This guide introduces `Smithy TypeScript <https://github.com/smithy-lang/smithy-typescript>`_ with a simple working example of a
generated server and client.

For this example, imagine that you are the proud owner of a coffee shop.

> Your API allows your customers to order some *java* from their TypeScript applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your API allows your customers to order coffee from their TypeScript applications.
```
This pun was intended because of smithy-java. Not needed here.
